---
layout: page
header:
   image_fullwidth: title.jpg
sidebar: left
subheadline: "Chalmers Security Seminar"
title: "On the Evolution of IT Security"
teaser: ""
tags: #tags are like keywords
    - csstalk
categories: talk
image:

---
**Who:** David Jacoby, Kaspersky Lab\\
**When:**  13:15 - 14:15 Friday {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}\\
**Where:**  [Zoom](https://chalmers.zoom.us/my/securityseminar?pwd=UHBtVWtvSUs0STNoYTdiUmwreGRTUT09)\\
**Password:** 143454\\
**Title: {{ page.title }}**

**Abstract:**\\
IT security is an ever important topic. From pioneering to modern times, new security problems keep being discovered. Still, many problems stem from similar flaws. As such, solutions to security problems often involve applying old solutions to new settings. In this talk, we elaborate on the nature of security problems, where they arise, and what methodology is needed to tackle such problems.

In addition, we also discuss common misconceptions about IT security, and, building upon years of experience, learn how to think like a hacker.

**Speaker Bio:**\\
David Jacoby is a senior security researcher at Kaspersky Lab. David has worked with IT security for over 25 years, and his fields of expertise include vulnerability and threat research, product and security audits, penetration tests, and security research. In his day to day job, David works on improving awareness of the current and future threats and vulnerabilities to which both consumers and large enterprises are exposed and fight cybercrime.

In addition, David worked as the technical advisor for the continuation of the Millennium books written by David Lagercrantz. He has also been included in multiple other books such as "A Guide to Kernel Exploitation: Attacking the Core", "Generation 500" and "Svenska Hackare". Additional to being an advisor for book projects David is also often seen on TV in programs such as “Stoppa Tjuven” and TV4 Nyhetsmorgon.

## Previous Talks
{: .t60 }
{% include list-posts tag='csstalk'%}
