---
layout: page
header:
   image_fullwidth: title.jpg
sidebar: left
subheadline: "Chalmers Security Seminar"
title: "High-Assurance Cryptography Software in the Spectre Era"
teaser: ""
tags: #tags are like keywords
    - csstalk
categories: talk
image:

---
**Who:** Gilles Barthe, Max Planck Institute/IMDEA Software Institute\\
**When:**  13:15 - 14:15 Friday {{ page.date | date_to_long_string }}\\
**Where:** [Zoom](https://chalmers.zoom.us/my/securityseminar?pwd=UHBtVWtvSUs0STNoYTdiUmwreGRTUT09)\\
**Password:**  143454 \\
**Title: {{ page.title }}**

**Abstract:**\\
High-assurance cryptography leverages methods from program verification and cryptography engineering to deliver efficient cryptographic software with machine-checked proofs of memory safety, functional correctness, provable security, and absence of timing leaks. Traditionally, these guarantees are established under a sequential execution semantics. However, this semantics is not aligned with the behavior of modern processors that make use of speculative execution to improve performance. This mismatch, combined with the high-profile Spectre-style attacks that exploit speculative execution, naturally casts doubts on the robustness of high-assurance cryptography guarantees. In this paper, we dispel these doubts by showing that the benefits of high-assurance cryptography extend to speculative execution, costing only a modest performance overhead. We build atop the Jasmin verification framework an end-to-end approach for proving properties of cryptographic software under speculative execution, and validate our approach experimentally with efficient, functionally correct assembly implementations of ChaCha20 and Poly1305, which are secure against both traditional timing and speculative execution attacks. 


**Speaker Bio:**\\
Gilles Barthe received a Ph.D. in Mathematics from the University of Manchester, UK, in 1993, and an Habilitation à diriger les recherches in Computer Science from the University of Nice, France, in 2004. He is a scientific director at Max Planck Institute, Germany, and a part-time research professor at the IMDEA Software Institute, which he joined in April 2008.

His research interests include programming languages and program verification, software and system security, cryptography, formal methods and foundations of mathematics and computer science. His recent research develops programming language techniques and verification methods for security, with a focus on cryptographic implementations and differentially private computations. 


## Previous Talks
{: .t60 }
{% include list-posts tag='csstalk'%}
